Hello, you are welcome
When a recipe comes back today
a super of me and red
lentil soup with celery and potatoes
this is again a formal temptation
which was really delicious and of course
Come in here too I want you
first show the ingredients
I have about 200 grams of red lentils
I washed that thoroughly
salt pepper dried pepper with
have two to three tablespoons of delight here
I kind of celery a carrot and
a potato tablespoon of tomato paste
or tablespoon of tomato paste inside
tablespoon of paprika mark heads
either a perch porree or else
also an onion depending on what you are there
I have potatoes full now
sliced ​​carrots and celery
and do it all with a bit
just sauté olive oil
we could not benefit yet
his
that could soon and meat on the
love bone but dried
vermint comes to an end
now you can just dry about
one and a half meters with the whole
closed lid about 30
simmer for a few minutes
who wants to can now still a teaspoon
Add vegetable stock or chicken stock
all we enjoy or started
You can just leave it tasting
even without I'll soup after one
half an hour with one
Mash the bar mixer
so after I have pureed the soup
Finally I give the rhine
I want that my rice in pieces
trainer stays and nothing is happening
i will cook the dollar more or
simmer until the rice is bathing place
By the way, the soup is so right
You have to be delicious
Let's try it after the rice
even clear words is done easily
dried and peppermint over it
and finished is the socket
where does my soup look like i've got it here
an Ottoman hangs so that is
can here but that calls itself then
there are extra containers for
This one hears then the super easy
can set up and that holds because of that
Whole was earlier only from such
eaten dishes or containers
I think she is really beautiful now
the antique earlier was the common practice
one has only eaten from such parts
Of course I wish you much fun
try out
Please do not forget this recipe
my videos totally and say good bye
in the next video